Feature/filter auto update (#414)
vtex-apps/search-result: docs/README.md

| `initiallyCollapsed`              | `Boolean` | Makes the search filters start out collapsed (`true`) or open (`false`).                                                                                                                                                                                          | `false`       |
| `filtersTitleHtmlTag`             | `string`  | HTML tag for the filter's title.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | `h5`          |
| `scrollToTop`                     | `enum`    | Scrolls the page to the top (`auto` or `smooth`) or not (`none`) when selecting a facet.                                                                                                                                                                          | `none`        |

> | `updateOnFilterSelectionOnMobile` | `boolean` | Whether the search will be updated on facet selection (`true`) or not (`false`) when the user is on mobile. The `preventRouteChange` prop must be enabled in order to make this work.                                                                             | `false`       |
> | `showClearByFilterOnMobile`       | `boolean` | Whether a clear button that clear all options in a specific filter should appear beside the filter's name (`true`) or not (`false`).                                                                                                                              | `false`       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `updateOnFilterSelectionOnMobile` | `boolean` | Whether the search results on mobile should be updated according to filter selection (`true`) or not (`false`). Notice: this prop only works if the `preventRouteChange` prop is declared as `true`.                                                                        | `false`       |
| `showClearByFilterOnMobile`       | `boolean` | Whether a clear button (responsible for erasing all filter options selected by the user) should be displayed alongside the filter name (`true`) or not (`false`).                                                                                                                              | `false`       |
```
